Add the refdoc for Secret Manager API Integration (#2224)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/secretmanager.adoc

== Secret Manager

https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager[Google Cloud Secret Manager] is a secure and convenient method for storing API keys, passwords, certificates, and other sensitive data.
A detailed summary of its features can be found in the https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/identity-security/introducing-google-clouds-secret-manager[Secret Manager documentation].

Spring Cloud GCP provides:

> * A convenience starter which automatically loads the secrets of your GCP project into your application context as a https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-commons/multi/multi__spring_cloud_context_application_context_services.html#_the_bootstrap_application_context[Bootstrap Property Source].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Spring Boot starter which automatically loads the secrets of your GCP project into your application context as a https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-commons/multi/multi__spring_cloud_context_application_context_services.html#_the_bootstrap_application_context[Bootstrap Property Source].
```

* A `SecretManagerTemplate` which allows you to read, write, and update secrets in Secret Manager.

=== Dependency Setup

To begin using this library, add the `spring-cloud-gcp-starter-secretmanager` artifact to your project.

Maven coordinates, using <<getting-started.adoc#_bill_of_materials, Spring Cloud GCP BOM>>:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
  <artifactId>spring-cloud-gcp-starter-secretmanager</artifactId>
</dependency>
----

Gradle coordinates:

[source]
----
dependencies {
  compile group: 'org.springframework.cloud', name: 'spring-cloud-gcp-starter-secretmanager'
}
----

=== Secret Manager Property Source

The Spring Cloud GCP integration for Google Cloud Secret Manager enables you to use Secret Manager as a bootstrap property source.

> After adding the starter dependency to your project, Spring Cloud GCP will automatically load your GCP project's secrets as properties into the application context during the https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-commons/reference/html/#the-bootstrap-application-context[Bootstrap Phase], which refers to the initial phase when a Spring application is being loaded.

Reviewer: Maybe add a NOTE: box saying that bootstrap has to be explicitly enabled.

Author: Done.

Spring Cloud GCP will load the **latest** version of each secret into the application context.

> All secrets will be loaded into the application environment using their `secretId` as the property's names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All secrets will be loaded into the application environment using their `secretId` as the property name.
```

For example, if your secret's id is `my-secret` then it will be accessible as a property using the name `my-secret`.
If you would like to append a prefix string to all property names imported from Secret Manager, you may use the `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.secret-name-prefix` setting described below.

Spring Cloud GCP Secret Manager offers several configuration properties to customize the behavior.

|===
| Name | Description | Required | Default value

> | `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` | Enables loading secrets from Secret Manager as a bootstrap property source. | No | `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` | Enables loading secrets from Secret Manager as a bootstrap property source. | No | `false`
```

* A `SecretManagerTemplate` which allows you to read, write, and update secrets in Secret Manager.

=== Dependency Setup

To begin using this library, add the `spring-cloud-gcp-starter-secretmanager` artifact to your project.

Maven coordinates, using <<getting-started.adoc#_bill_of_materials, Spring Cloud GCP BOM>>:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
  <artifactId>spring-cloud-gcp-starter-secretmanager</artifactId>
</dependency>
----

Gradle coordinates:

[source]
----
dependencies {
  compile group: 'org.springframework.cloud', name: 'spring-cloud-gcp-starter-secretmanager'
}
----

=== Secret Manager Property Source

The Spring Cloud GCP integration for Google Cloud Secret Manager enables you to use Secret Manager as a bootstrap property source.

This feature allows you to automatically load your GCP project's secrets as properties into the application context during the https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-commons/reference/html/#the-bootstrap-application-context[Bootstrap Phase], which refers to the initial phase when a Spring application is being loaded.

> NOTE: To begin using this feature, you must set the setting `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` to **true**, this feature disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To begin using this feature, you must set `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled=true` because this feature is disabled by default.
```

> NOTE: To begin using this feature, you must set the setting `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` to **true**, this feature disabled by default.

Reviewer 2: I'd move 
```suggestion
NOTE: This feature disabled by default; to use it, you must set `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` to **true**.
```

Author: Done.

Spring Cloud GCP will load the **latest** version of each secret into the application context.

All secrets will be loaded into the application environment using their `secretId` as the property name.
For example, if your secret's id is `my-secret` then it will be accessible as a property using the name `my-secret`.
If you would like to append a prefix string to all property names imported from Secret Manager, you may use the `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.secret-name-prefix` setting described below.

Spring Cloud GCP Secret Manager offers several configuration properties to customize the behavior.

|===
| Name | Description | Required | Default value
| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` | Enables loading secrets from Secret Manager as a bootstrap property source. Set this to **true** to enable the feature. | No | `false`

> | `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.credentials.location` | OAuth2 credentials for authenticating with the Google Cloud Secret Manager API. | No | By default, infers credentials from https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production[Application Default Credentials].

Reviewer 2: I am not sure I can english properly today, so check that this makes sense grammatically.

```suggestion
| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.credentials.location` | OAuth2 credentials for authenticating to the Google Cloud Secret Manager API. | No | By default, infers credentials from https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production[Application Default Credentials].
```

Author: Done.

> | `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.credentials.encoded-key` | Base64-encoded contents of OAuth2 account private key for authenticating with the Google Cloud Storage API. | No | By default, infers credentials from https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production[Application Default Credentials].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.credentials.encoded-key` | Base64-encoded contents of OAuth2 account private key for authenticating to the Google Cloud Storage API. | No | By default, infers credentials from https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production[Application Default Credentials].
```

Author: Done.

| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.project-id` | The GCP Project used to access Secret Manager API. | No | By default, infers the project from https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production[Application Default Credentials].
| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.secret-name-prefix` | A prefix string to prepend to the property names of secrets read from Secret Manager | No | "" (empty string)
|===

=== Secret Manager Template

The `SecretManagerTemplate` class simplifies operations of creating, updating, and reading secrets.

> To begin using this class, you may autowire an instance of the class using `@Autowired` after adding the starter dependency to your project.

Reviewer 2: Should we just vaguely say "inject" instead of "autowire... using autowired" despite showing an example of it?
In production code, autowire would not be commonly used.

Author: Done.

[source, java]
----
@Autowired
private SecretManagerTemplate secretManagerTemplate;
----

Please consult https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp/blob/master/spring-cloud-gcp-secretmanager/src/main/java/org/springframework/cloud/gcp/secretmanager/SecretManagerOperations.java[`SecretManagerOperations`] for information on what operations are available for the Secret Manager template.

> |===

Reviewer 2: Is this section a duplicate?

Author: Parts of it were duplicated; I reorganized the properties so the duplicated authentication-related properties now appear in 1 place at the bottom.

NOTE: This feature disabled by default; to use it, you must set `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` to **true**.

Spring Cloud GCP will load the **latest** version of each secret into the application context.

All secrets will be loaded into the application environment using their `secretId` as the property name.
For example, if your secret's id is `my-secret` then it will be accessible as a property using the name `my-secret`.
If you would like to append a prefix string to all property names imported from Secret Manager, you may use the `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.secret-name-prefix` setting described below.

Spring Cloud GCP Secret Manager offers several configuration properties to customize the behavior.

|===
| Name | Description | Required | Default value
| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.bootstrap.enabled` | Enables loading secrets from Secret Manager as a bootstrap property source. Set this to **true** to enable the feature. | No | `false`
| `spring.cloud.gcp.secretmanager.secret-name-prefix` | A prefix string to prepend to the property names of secrets read from Secret Manager | No | "" (empty string)
|===

> 

Reviewer: I'm afraid people may now miss the fact that auth settings are available.
Maybe add a link here saying see auth setting below?

Author: Added blurb about setting the Authentication settings section below.
